A company is deploying lambda code with has external third-party dependencies. When deploying the code, they are encountering a CodeStorageExceededException error. The compressed zip deployment package size is around 47MB. What can be the issue?

Explanation

Correct answer is C as the size of the uncompressed zip code might be exceeding 250MB

Refer AWS documentation - Lambda limits

AWS Lambda Deployment Limits
Item 	Default Limit
Lambda function deployment package size (compressed .zip/.jar file) 	50 MB
Total size of all the deployment packages that can be uploaded per region 	75 GB

Size of code/dependencies that you can zip into a deployment package (uncompressed .zip/.jar size).

Note

Each Lambda function receives an additional 500MB of non-persistent disk space in its own /tmp directory. The /tmp directory can be used for loading additional resources like dependency libraries or data sets during function initialization.
	250 MB
Total size of environment variables set 	4 KB

Option A and B are wrong as max limit is 50MB

Option D is wrong as max compressed size is 250MB
Question 5: Incorrect
To scale up the AWS resources using manual Auto Scaling, which of the below mentioned parameters should the user change?

Explanation

Correct answer is B as manual scaling can be implemented by changing desired capacity.

Refer AWS documentation - Auto Scaling Manual Scaling

At any time, you can change the size of an existing Auto Scaling group by updating the desired capacity of the Auto Scaling group, or by updating the instances that are attached to the Auto Scaling group.
Question 12: Incorrect
An order processing website issuing EC2 instances to process messages from an SQS queue. A user reported an issue that their order was processed twice and hence charged twice. What action would you recommend ensuring this does not happen again? Choose the correct option

Explanation

Correct answer is C as SWF can help handle the duplicates and make sure of only once processing

Refer AWS documentation - SWF FAQs

Amazon SWF provides useful guarantees around task assignment. It ensures that a task is never duplicated and is assigned only once. Thus, even though you may have multiple workers for a particular activity type (or a number of instances of a decider), Amazon SWF will give a specific task to only one worker (or one decider instance). Additionally, Amazon SWF keeps at most one decision task outstanding at a time for a workflow execution. Thus, you can run multiple decider instances without worrying about two instances operating on the same execution simultaneously. These facilities enable you to coordinate your workflow without worrying about duplicate, lost, or conflicting tasks.

Option A is wrong as if the message is not deleted the issue with occur for all the messages.

Option B is wrong as visibility timeout would not help solve the issue permanently.

Option D is wrong as long polling or short polling will not cause the message to be read twice.
Question 13: Incorrect
A storage admin wants to encrypt all the objects stored in S3 using server side encryption. The user does not want to use the AES 256 encryption key provided by S3. How can the user achieve this?

Explanation

Correct answer is D as the admin can use S3 SSE-C to provide the encryption keys

Refer AWS documentation - S3 SSE-C

Server-side encryption is about protecting data at rest. Using server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys (SSE-C) allows you to set your own encryption keys. With the encryption key you provide as part of your request, Amazon S3 manages both the encryption, as it writes to disks, and decryption, when you access your objects. Therefore, you don't need to maintain any code to perform data encryption and decryption. The only thing you do is manage the encryption keys you provide.
Question 15: Incorrect
A user has launched an EC2 instance and installed a website with the Apache webserver. The webserver is running but the user is not able to access the website from the Internet. What can be the possible reason for this failure?

Explanation

Correct answer is A as the instance is not accessible the security group inbound rules might not be configured properly.

Option B is wrong as key pairs are required for only ssh login to an EC2 instance

Option C is wrong as the website can be made Internet accessible

Option D is wrong as instance can work with Public IP as well and does not need Elastic IP.
Question 27: Incorrect

A user is trying to use AWS CLI and receives a 403 error response.

A client error (UnauthorizedOperation) occurred: You are not authorized to perform this operation. Encoded authorization failure message: EjE8j1AEXAMPLEDOwukwv5KbOS2j0jiZTslESOmbSFnqY91ElGRRQpIweQ5 CQDQmaS7DBMfJDqwpZAmORTOKHgeNZdcChNCDacLE6YGEAlVyTI8yoc8Ukcb8A8q4i3ap4D0XlG4A5Izf4HGJ6VHoOYPExvwVc DyC7y8C6nDKiQxgM8nJDaxELFcgjOa4RxfsDcpPe5mONAhMc6uxV00HLV5c_dpA6Q6IJR…

How can the message be decoded?

Explanation

Correct answer is B as the STS Decode Authorization Message helps decode the encoded error message.

Refer AWS documentation - STS Decode Authorization Message

Decodes additional information about the authorization status of a request from an encoded message returned in response to an AWS request.

For example, if a user is not authorized to perform an action that he or she has requested, the request returns a Client.UnauthorizedOperation response (an HTTP 403 response). Some AWS actions additionally return an encoded message that can provide details about this authorization failure.

Note

Only certain AWS actions return an encoded authorization message. The documentation for an individual action indicates whether that action returns an encoded message in addition to returning an HTTP code.

The message is encoded because the details of the authorization status can constitute privileged information that the user who requested the action should not see. To decode an authorization status message, a user must be granted permissions via an IAM policy to request the decode-authorization-message (sts:DecodeAuthorizationMessage ) action.
Question 29: Incorrect
A user has created a queue named "myqueue" with SQS. There are four messages published to queue, which are not received by the consumer yet. If the user tries to delete the queue, what will happen?

Explanation

Correct answer is B as the queue will be deleted even with the messages within it.

Refer AWS documentation - SQS Delete Queue

Deletes the queue specified by the QueueUrl, regardless of the queue's contents. If the specified queue doesn't exist, Amazon SQS returns a successful response.

Important - Be careful with the DeleteQueue action: When you delete a queue, any messages in the queue are no longer available.
Question 33: Incorrect
Which two components provide connectivity with external networks? When attached to an Amazon VPC which two components provide connectivity with external networks? Choose 2 answers

Explanation

Correct answers are C & D as VGW is the Amazon side of VPN connection, which can help establish connection between your Amazon VPC and your datacenter, home network, or co-location facility and IGW allow direct access to Internet.

Option A is wrong as EIPs are static IPs assigned to instances.

Option B is wrong as NAT is only for private subnets to have access to Internet.
Question 34: Incorrect
A company is building software on AWS that requires access to various AWS services. Which configuration should be used to ensure that AWS credentials (i.e., Access Key ID/Secret Access Key combination) are not compromised?

Explanation

Correct answer is B as IAM role can be used by EC2 instance to access other AWS services, which help generate temporary short lived credentials

Refer AWS documentation - IAM Role

An IAM role is similar to a user, in that it is an AWS identity with permission policies that determine what the identity can and cannot do in AWS. However, instead of being uniquely associated with one person, a role is intended to be assumable by anyone who needs it. Also, a role does not have any credentials (password or access keys) associated with it. Instead, if a user is assigned to a role, access keys are created dynamically and provided to the user.

Option A is wrong as MFA is to enable two factor authentication

Option C is wrong as storing credentials is not recommended

Option D is wrong as IAM user cannot be assigned to EC2 instance
Question 38: Incorrect

Developer is creating an Auto Scaling group whose instances need to publish a custom metric to Amazon CloudWatch. Which method would be the MOST secure way to authenticate a CloudWatch PUT request?

Explanation

Correct answer is D as the best practice is to create a IAM Role with permissions and have instances launched with the role.

Refer AWS documentation - Auto Scaling IAM Role

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles for EC2 instances make it easier for you to access other AWS services securely from within the EC2 instances. EC2 instances launched with an IAM role automatically have AWS security credentials available.

You can launch your Auto Scaling instances with an IAM role to automatically enable applications running on your instances to securely access other AWS resources. You do this by creating a launch configuration with an EC2 instance profile. An instance profile is a container for an IAM role. First, create an IAM role that has all the permissions required to access the AWS resources, then add your role to the instance profile.

Options A & B are wrong as using IAM user with fixed credentials is not recommended as they can be compromised and hard to rotate.

Option C is wrong as there are no CloudWatch metric policies
Question 42: Incorrect

A Developer is receiving HTTP 400: ThrottlingException errors intermittently when calling the Amazon CloudWatch API. When a call fails, no data is retrieved. What best practice should first be applied to address this issue?

Explanation

Correct answer is A as CloudWatch allows you to GetMetricData at 50 transactions per second (TPS). The maximum number of operation requests you can make per second without being throttled. If you need more you need to increase the limit.

Refer AWS documentation - CloudWatch Limits

GetMetricData
	

50 transactions per second (TPS). The maximum number of operation requests you can make per second without being throttled.

180,000 Datapoints Per Second (DPS) if the StartTime used in the API request is less than or equal to three hours from current time. 90,000 DPS if the StartTime is more than three hours from current time. This is the maximum number of datapoints you can request per second using one or more API calls without being throttled.

You can request a limit increase for both of these limits.

